So let's finish this section.
We're going to style these and these have the functionality doesn't link to anything that's the idea
of these.
It's only when you are scrolling to see these messages.
And then if you continue scrolling you will find the blog.
We're going to use the blog as a marketing tool for this website but also it's going to be really important.
I'm going to show you how to integrate the Reiffel post post type that comes in wordpress with combers.
That's going to be really come on in your life as a developer.
So let's finish these fears.
So that's up in our project.
And again I'm going to open these on the right and I think I'm thinking when I open Speedwriting and
rescue.
So what are going to have and we can see that we have these banners boil and then we have these that
he going at age 3 and they're going to be using phone family in the break could have from family you
can see this is a fun family.
Laura So say it isn't Willow
looking better but you can see it previously in the age 3.
Uppercase one of them here I'm going to it in this forum and I'm going out and on.
So we're going to remove that uppercase transformation that we added previously.
Now you can see looking nice.
And that's going to have formed wait for a candidate if you remember we added in the fortune that the
HP dongle phones we added Laura at 400 and sent in Canada.
So in this case they went to use the 400.
Wait.
So relo looking better I think.
So we're going to have one size maybe at 3 a.m. and see how this looks and it's looking nice.
We went big phone right here.
So we're going either way the media on the screen.
I man with
760 B-cells.
And again we're going to copy these based.
It's going to be columns for an columns A.
So again we're going to use float length and zoonotic with and maybe we want to use the 3.3 percent
in a body and right when them we're going to copy these babies right here.
Maybe it's going to be sixty six point six percent and we're going to remove these.
So really you can see it's looking nice.
And when we're in this month the base is looking in it's looking better but we need to we can make these
better.
For example I'm going to six or nine.
And so is going to be center on the screen is looking nice you can see where to scroll down and then
we find these message.
That's nice if we make these bigger.
I went to the ladies toilet.
Right.
So we're gonna have the media quality when I copy the selector page right here.
We have another three six or nine in this case is meant to be.
Right.
So we don't look nice and maybe right here I can make this a little bigger maybe pinpoint for
something that I've been looks closer to what we were expecting.
And maybe we can increase the padding here.
You're going to make these three
it is looking better.
So this is looking very nice being
and for me this is Madlib you can see this is in response the and is looking great.
So in the next video let let's see how we can raise there some things with advanced custom fields will
display these more dynamically.